all right so you're telling me the
nothing phone 2A runs with the pixel 7A
in terms of performance runs cool and
starts at
330 I mean yeah I get it there's some
issues on paper it's using a mediatech
chipset which in the past has basically
meant Bunch
it but this is looking like a very
complete package this time around oh I
like that it's not super heavy dude I
was looking for a phone to take with me
on my trip cuz I need one for my kids to
borrow for the plane I picked up one of
the most recent iPhones it been a little
while I was like damn these things are
heavy packaging wise you get a whole lot
of not much it's not nothing but it
isn't much you've got a Sim removal tool
apparently the cable is supposed to go
here but ours didn't have one in the Box
maybe that's because it's an early unit
and you get a phone there is a lot to
like here obviously nothing's design
language is back
in partial Force you're not going to get
any of the f lights on the back but
personally I love the transparent back
and I also love that this is one of the
first bones I've seen in a little while
that doesn't have a gigantic camera bump
on it we've got two 50 megapixel cameras
back here one regular one Ultra wide
both with Samsung sensors and that's not
the only thing that they've done to help
shave down costs I already mentioned
they've gone with a mediatech chipset so
it's the dimensity 7200 but while
mediatech doesn't have the same kind of
brand recognition that Qualcomm might
have
this is not exactly your grandpa's
mediatech chipset it's using the latest
tsmc 4 nomer process it's got eight
cores paired with eight or 12 gigs of
RAM with their RAM Booster feature that
essentially allows apps to run over from
memory into storage and practice uh we
found that in a phone configured like
this with a decent amount of memory
didn't make a measurable difference in
anything that we were looking at but hey
maybe it's a cool idea for Apple you
going to take that Andy Apple doesn't
put enough RAM in their devices he has
no defense even even the Apple Fanboys
can't defend it there are more
compromises you won't find a coil here
for wireless charging because there
isn't any and the USBC port on the
bottom is only USB 2 just like the nonpr
versions of the latest iPhones but it
supports 45 W wire charging and has a
5,000 milliamp battery in it that in our
testing performed admirably we ended up
with about 14 hours our longevity test
which is playing back YouTube videos at
250 nits and a full charge was only 63
minutes pretty nice considering what
value phones used to be like and the
same can be said of the display yeah the
pixel 7A outperforms it hitting higher
peak brightnesses in small windows so
you're going to get a better HDR
experience out of that phone but the
nothing phone 2A managed to hit about
1,000 nits Peak brightness full screen
in SDR so you'll be able to use it under
any condition I realize I'm getting
ahead of myself a little bit here though
I haven't talked about the design pretty
much at all we've got the lock button on
the right volume rocker on the left I
already showed you guys where the Sim
location is it's right next to that USBC
port and that's about it noise
cancelling microphone here and ah yes
the glyph lighting interface does make a
return but in a much simplified form so
here let's go ahead and uh oh gestures
are enabled by default so no bottom
buttons although you can reactivate them
if you really want to and then let's uh
let's see glyph lights on hey there we
go and that's just a brightness slider
okay what the hello now it's on okay
what just
happened this like this must be like
watching my grandparents use a computer
okay now they're
on they're what they're gone now no
they okay there you go there that's
cool you got to get them full points for
style you know this is one of those
devices you look at and go man why would
I pay a huge premium for design when
this exists it is so cool and sure I
might not be the Arbiter of what is cool
and what isn't but do you really
disagree it looks freaking awesome I got
to say as someone who doesn't really
care that much about the skin on my
phone yeah this makes less of a
difference to me than it might to some
people but I can't deny that it looks
really good I also can't deny this
message from our sponsor t t aims to be
a super reliable mobile provider with
prices that won't break your bank
account with T's Unlimited Plan you get
a host of features like free
international calls to 60 plus countries
free hotspot and tethering and unlimited
2G data after you've used up your 35 GB
of 4G LTE 5G all for just $25 a month
and with t there's no bulk buying no
advance or annual payment and no binding
contracts so check them out
below get it below tellow and say toow
to your new personalized plan as cool as
it looks I'm more interested in how it
slides though it's not ltpo OLED okay so
you're not going to get those on Hertz
variable refresh rate values and you're
not going to get that super high peak
brightness but you are still going to
get Inky blacks it still manages
variable refresh rate down to 30 HZ so
you will get some power savings there
and as we saw already it gets
in my opinion bright enough especially
when you consider the price some might
complain about the 1080 X 2412
resolution but in my opinion even at
this size it's not a problem unless you
are extremely Keen eyed the first thing
that I tend to do with the device is
turn the text size all the way down
because I'm all about information
density so let's do that and have a look
I mean come on I get you want to show
off how well you can see but even if I
had a screen that ran at a higher
resolution natively I would probably
still turn it down to 1080 just for the
power savings and increase in battery
life it's got corn and Gorilla Glass 5
it's flat so if you're one of those
people who doesn't like curved glass
then you can suck on my Note 9 and you
can buy this phone personally I like the
curved glass but I also get it the
bezels are pretty reasonable again for a
more value oriented device a big
question mark for me though is the
camera first of all can I double tap for
camera yes I can thank you ooh
interesting M it struggles a little more
than some of the more premium phones
compensating for the exposure issues
that shooting into this light generally
has that's in case you guys are
wondering why I'm always taking pictures
in such suboptimal conditions on set
what I'm looking for is how much this
light source blows out the rest of the
image and you can see the answer for
this phone is a lot I would expect based
on what I've seen so far that under
better conditions it will Fair quite a
bit better and the answer is it does
that processing is pretty slow that's
one of the things that Qualcomm has done
a really good job of over the last five
years is building neural processing and
image processing capabilities into their
chipsets that are just better than what
you're going to get on a budget chipset
with that said this is not behaving like
a budget chipset either with respect to
this sure the processing times are
taking a while
but damn that is like really good here
just for context okay okay just for
context I know it's an older Flagship
but this is what passed for a flagship
phone like 5 years ago come on buddy you
can do it look the phone app will open
eventually oo I take back all the nice
things I just said it just got crushed
by a note 9 now there's things people
will like more about the nothing image
it's
poppier but like that is not what that
looks like okay it's in Shadow that's
what it looks like this light the note 9
blows it out you can see it's clipped
but the nothing phone just has no idea
what's going on here like this looks
like two lights side by side when it is
not that's a white wall with a little
bit of spill on it just like we're
looking at here ironically the ultra
wide handles that light source a lot
better F shutter bud this might not be
the thing for you but it'll definitely
do in a pinch selfie camera
though 30 2 megapixels and you know what
again maybe I'm getting Bamboozled here
but all of this is very usable like very
usable let's say for example instead of
a blank space you had friends you could
put them there not bad and to their
credit they're not overdoing the
processing on the selfie camera I see
this so much even from Big Brands where
they have all these effects and
everything turned on it's like no that's
what a tech bro who's pushing 40 looks
like For Better or For Worse feel like
I've aged 10 years in the last decade
for video she'll do 4K 30 FPS and the
lab reported that the audio recording
quality was actually surprisingly decent
so
that's a pleasant
surprise what's up
y'all not bad at all really not bad I
mean it's no iPhone but it also C like
the freak said the iPhone start at these
days okay technically the iPhone SE
still exists for $429 but get real so 13
starts at 600 bucks us 13 starts at $600
us yeah I would take this over that in a
heartbeat it's got an aluminum frame
it's IP 54 rated which admittedly is not
really par for the course anymore it's
as good as the nothing phone 2 but I
would like to see that up to an IP67
rating and I guess now's the time for us
to explore nothing OS a little bit we
ended up using this instead of the stock
Android experience for testing because
well they liked it it's more than just a
theme on your desktop there's kind of
similar to uh Carl pay's previous
employer OnePlus thoughtful
customizations to the stockish Android
experience and we didn't find that it
had a noticeable impact on performance
or battery life which is all we can
really
ask right there right
there back button on the right side is
that so much to ask see thank you
nothing thanks for nothing OS and to
everyone who can't be bothered to do
that thanks for nothing I just I like
the back button on the right okay we've
got to do a quick audio test does it
have an amplified earpiece speaker oh I
guess we're about to find out I wouldn't
expect it at this price I'll be
impressed if it has
it it does not bad stereo Imaging either
and that's something that has really
improved in the last 2 3 years my
goodness has it gotten a lot better
across the IND
and not just phones laptops too just we
have these tiny little devices with
these tiny little speakers sounding like
they're coming from all around
you a little muddy not the loudest thing
I've ever
heard very reasonable considering the
price you know I didn't really think
about it until I was sitting here using
the phone some more but the glyph
interface is kind of perfect for me I
have this problem and you'll have seen
it actually here the editor will have
seen it thr roll the clip of me getting
interrupted by my phone notification the
nothing phone
2A look I'm very popular okay I forget
what I have my phone set to very very
often and so I'll end up with it on when
I'm supposed to be filming and then I'll
end up leaving it muted when I'm
supposed to be accessible to my family
or my colleagues and so if I could just
use their flip to gliph see the phone
flashing out of the corner of my eye
while I'm filming but put it in my
pocket and have the notifications go
that that would be kind of awesome some
of the functions of the glyph interface
are less applicable to me you can use it
as a countdown timer for example why do
you need to spend more than 350 bucks on
a phone oh speaking of $350 it's
unfortunately not available in the US
outside of their developer program where
it cost $350 so it's not available but
it is and the pricing is perfectly
reasonable so what does that even mean
I'm not even going to speculate why that
is but it's $350 for a developer
membership and you get a phone sure
whatever that means this is cool they
apparently have NTFS optimizations for
moving files to and from Android and
Windows that matters to me a lot I'm one
of those dinosaurs that still offloads
my photos from my phone with a cable and
man is it ever slow bring it home the
sound pack glyph
composer if the idea is to be annoying
and get my
attention wow boy would that ever be a
itive uh uh
Delete never exist again thank
you there's a few more Labs notes on the
phone it's Wi-Fi 6 but speeds
were sorry as expected for a device of
this caliber it uses Bluetooth 5.3 only
but at least Bluetooth connectivity was
extremely stable and so was the
performance of the Inc screen
fingerprint sensor with it registering
28 out of 30 times across what is a
mostly anecdotal test they were also
very pleased with call Quality which is
something that you know it should be
good for cuz it's a phone now that
leaves the last big question and that is
how long exactly will you be using this
phone for nothing is promising 3 years
of updates with four years of security
updates which is not on par with some of
the really big players in the space
anymore but at this price I consider to
be extremely reasonable better than
nothing you might say no exactly the
same as nothing
look if they don't want people making
these jokes then they should call their
company something not stupid something
yeah no I don't mean stupid I mean
memeable subscribe to Short Circuit see
you
later